the Colombian semicolon
between green and January 7 all over the world must forget
they came back
brown sea there were some problems of the people
This is how the patrol 0 25 of the municipality of Sabaneta operates
The most modern of Colombia is exhausted with a new and advanced
team to fight crime on the streets a whole super patrol of
police capable of shaking the most reckless of the bandits is a
patrol that has a video system
has radar system has a computer equipment where he has opposed the
information when consulting the license plate of the vehicles
and also has a system of tokyo meteco paraguayas
which is supremely important because to greater certainty about identification
of people
to which is the data query to see if they have pending the
smart patrol as the have called it was here day for a value
36 million pesos
The technology used is American and currently they use it in
countries like mexico and england in the two weeks that 0 25 leads
protecting the sabandeños
It has already been noted two important positive seizures of a
significant amount of gunpowder and the seizure of an input load
for the manufacture of cocaine already in the afternoon that warning the hours
eating
in products like
percent in may in the senate
we have advanced in diapers melons and other elements
this modern patrol capable of intercepting any communication to
300 meters around
will not be the only one who will ensure security in the municipality for the
next week two other vehicles equipped with the
same devices
for 2009 it is planned to implement video cameras in motorized patrols
from corsage that the national police has to start
to improve optimize for the service acea the whole community
with the smart patrol 0 25 running the streets led by the
patrolman diego corrales
and under the command of the greatest general
the advances that they have a reason to feel calm
ready to enjoy a very safe Christmas
the Colombian puntocom